Summarize this text like I know nothing: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory.
To achieve this requires a culture that values sharing of knowledge; the use of tech-
nology for capturing knowledge and making it easy to locate, and the adoption of
systems to support and manage knowledge.
Knowledge is a key asset of a company, it is also something intangible that can be lost if
not properly managed. The definition of KM is not a simple one, it is the combination of
the capturing and the management of knowledge. The knowledge itself is what matters. The
knowledge is a resource that can be exploited and used for the benefit of both the organiza-
tion and the person. It can be used to improve decision-making, to create products, to in-
crease the speed of innovation and the quality of services.
The definition of KM is also a way to explain and justify its importance. It is also