Summarize this text in 50 words: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. KM helps
organizations improve efficiency by reducing the cost of doing business, which
includes reducing the number of steps necessary to complete the work (i.e., reducing
time to market). The knowledge work involved in designing, developing, and
delivering a new product or service is often more expensive because of its complexity
and the fact that the steps involved in the process are not well defined (Davenport &
Prusak, 1998). The complexity of knowledge work makes it difficult to predict the
steps to get from start to finish, and knowledge is required to do each step (Davenport
& Prusak, 1998). KM is an important way to manage and reuse the knowledge
necessary to reduce the time to market of a product or service.
The knowledge-centric view of the business world has a second major goal, increasing
organizational capacity to innovate. This is accomplished by increasing the speed
at which the organization can acquire new and relevant knowledge to use in new
products and services or to improve current ones (Davenport & Prusak, 1998).
Organizations that want to improve their capacity to innovate, which is often a major
driver of business success, must be able to learn and apply knowledge quickly and
accurately, which requires knowledge use and reuse.
Knowledge management and knowledge creation go hand in hand (Davenport &
Prusak, 1998). The two are closely related because knowledge use and reuse is the
means to acquire, store, share