Summarize this text in 50 words like I am a 5th grader: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. Efficiency
improves when the use of knowledge "shakes up" existing assumptions about what
works and what doesn't, and leads to the adoption of new best practices (Davenport &
Prusak, 1998). Innovation can be fostered through the use of knowledge to identify
opportunities and to help the organization exploit them (Davenport & Prusak, 1998;
Dyer & Christensen, 2000; Helfat, 1997; Helfat & Wang, 2000; Helfat, Hopp &
Nichols, 2001).
Knowledge is shared through many different vehicles. It is shared in person, by
phone, email, instant messaging, and by other forms of electronic communication.
Knowledge sharing also may be through a document, such as a manual, policy, or
technical report, or it may be through an artifact such as a process or a work flow
model, or it can be in the form of an image such as a picture or graph.
In the knowledge age, organizations must be able to capture knowledge in order to
use it again or to share it. The knowledge can be captured through a variety of media
from a paper document, a word processing document, an image to a software program.
Knowledge can be captured through any media as long as the media can be read,
understood, or interpreted by some other means.
The knowledge can then be used for any number of