Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text like I know nothing: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory.
It is important that a knowledge management plan be created to guide an organiza-
tion's efforts. An example can be found in the KM Maturity Model (Barker &
D'Silva, 2003). A number of different approaches and technologies have been used.
These are the following:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Electronic documents
Electronic forms
Intranets
Extranets
Groupware
Intranet/Internet
Enterprise Resource Planning Software
Customer relationship management software
Supply chain software and systems
Electronic data interchange systems
Electronic data storage software, and database products
Knowledge management
The knowledge life-cycle
Intellectual asset management
Intellectual capital accounting
Knowledge sharing
Knowledge capture
Knowledge transfer
Knowledge