Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text like I am a 5th grader: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory.
In fact, a recent study by IBM “found that 75 percent of the ‘top 50 percent’ of an
organization’s business is based on intellectual assets and that more than 40 percent of
the organization’s value was based on knowledge” (Cio.com, 2005). These statistics are
significant because they show that the real assets in an organization are not physical,
but rather intellectual. Knowledge is now the new corporate asset, a new kind of ‘intrap-
national,’ and KM is a key driver of this trend (Stewart, 2000).
The knowledge management cycle is a continuous cycle of knowledge creation,
sharing, and application. Each of these stages is a means by which the knowledge of
an individual