Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory.
This is a definition that incorporates knowledge capture and storage, as well as the
valuing of intellectual assets.
The key question that needs to be answered is how do you do that?
There are some common elements in any knowledge management solution:
• It should be easy to use
• It should be easy to access
• It should enable you to create and maintain the intellectual assets of your organization
• It should enable you to share and reuse the knowledge assets of your organization
• It should enable collaboration and communication
• It should allow the organization to create a culture of knowledge sharing and reuse
• It should be easy to administer
• It should enable you to measure your knowledge management success
As with all of life, knowledge management is not a static state. It must be a
continuous cycle that never ends, and it