Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. The knowledge
use cycle in Figure 2.3 shows the basic steps in the use of knowledge for improving
organization efficiency or for improving the organization’s capacity for innova-
tion. The knowledge-use cycle involves knowledge capture, sharing, and transfer, as
well as knowledge use (Davenport & Prusak, 1998).
Figure 2.3 Knowledge-Use Cycle
1. Capturing knowledge: Knowledge capture is the process of recording and codi-
fying the knowledge. It can be an individual or group process, although it often
involves group efforts.
2. Sharing knowledge: Knowledge sharing is the process of making knowledge
available for use by other people in an organization. It is a key part of the KM pro-
cess, and there are a number of methods for doing this. One of the most effective
methods is the knowledge-sharing workshop, which provides an opportunity for all
employees to get together in a group and exchange their knowledge (Davenport &
Prusak, 1998). The sharing workshop also provides an opportunity to build an in-
house knowledge network, which is an informal network of colleagues who share
the same knowledge. Another effective method for sharing knowledge is the knowledge
bazaar, which involves making knowledge available for use. This approach allows the
organization to benefit from the knowledge of the entire organization.
3. Using Knowledge: Knowledge is used in two ways. First, there is using knowl-
edge that is stored within an organization’