Summarize this text in 50 words like I know nothing: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. Knowledge
management (KM) refers to a set of practices that are aimed at capturing, developing
and sharing knowledge within and among organizations for a variety of purposes such as
increased organizational effectiveness and improved productivity. Knowledge
management involves a variety of processes and activities, including: (1) collecting
information that is relevant to an organization and its customers, (2) sharing that
relevant information with employees, partners and customers, (3) capturing that in-
formation and making it available for future use, (4) making that information acces-
sible to employees and customers, (5) capturing, developing and sharing ideas to
create and capture new knowledge. Knowledge management, as defined by Davenport
(2003), involves the “design, implementation, and evolution of systems that enable
people to find and use the knowledge that exists within an organization” (Davenport
2005).
A key KM component is sharing knowledge with people within the organiza-
tion and those who are not yet part of the organization, but may be at some point in
the future. The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with
employees and future employees. Sharing knowledge with current employees ensures
it moves around the organization so everyone can benefit from best practices (adopt
newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons learned (avoid repeating things that
failed). Sharing knowledge with future employees ensures that the organization will
have the skills it will need to compete in the future.
Knowledge sharing within and