Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text like I know nothing: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. These goals
are interrelated, for example, if an organization uses knowledge to improve its processes,
it is more efficient, and if that improvement leads to new products, then the organization
has innovated.
Knowledge Sharing
Knowledge Sharing
The process of sharing knowledge is an integral part of the learning process. In an
organization that shares knowledge, people are not only willing to share information,
but also are more likely to share what they know about the subject at hand. This means
that people are not necessarily sharing the same information; they are sharing their
understanding of the information they have.
Sharing is also the process of distributing information. Information sharing
can be in many forms:
• Formal: Through written reports, memos, and e-mails
• Informal: Through casual conversations and face-to-face communication
• Electronic: Through Web site information and intranet
When people talk about sharing knowledge, they refer to information sharing. In a
knowledge-sharing system, knowledge is not only stored in the minds of individuals
within an organization, but also shared through the system.
Knowledge is an integral part of the learning process. In an organization that
Shares Knowledge
shares knowledge, people are
not only willing to
share information, but
also are more likely
to share what they
know about
the subject at
hand. This means
that people are not
necessarily sharing
the same information;
they are sharing
their understanding
of the information they
have.
Click to buy!