Reiterate the key points to me from this piece of text like I am a 5th grader: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. KM enables
organizations to make more informed decisions by increasing the quantity and quality of
the information available to them (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). This information can
also come from the collective wisdom of people. For example, a company can improve
its marketing campaign if it has the collective knowledge of its employees on how to
sell and market new products. This collective knowledge can also increase an
organizations capacity to innovate through collaboration. Organizations need to be ab-
le to collaborate with their competitors to create better products for consumers in the
future and KM can enable this collaboration by creating the means to share knowl-
edge and information (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). Knowledge is the most valuable asset
of an organization, and KM can increase organizational knowledge and efficiency by
increasing the availability of knowledge and the use and reuse of knowledge (Davenport
& Prusak, 1998).
Davenport, 2002.
2. Davenport, Thomas H., and Prusak, Laurence. 1998. Working knowledge: How
information is transforming work from the corner office to the factory floor.
Harvard Business School Press: Boston, MA.
3. Davenport, Thomas H., and Prusak, Laurence. 2002. "Information and knowledge
management." MIT Sloan Management Review (Fall): 51.
4. Davenport, Thomas H., and Prusak, Laurence. 1998