summarize this text: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. KM is also an
instrument for competitive differentiation by providing the ability to create new value
for the firm, its customers, and the society at large. Knowledge management
enables an organization to learn and innovate from the knowledge of its members (and
the knowledge of its members’ members, and the knowledge of its members’
members’ members). This knowledge can be applied to solve problems and to create
new knowledge. This knowledge can come from internal members or from outside
experts. The internal knowledge, if well-managed, can be a significant source of
knowledge for the organization (Davenport & Prusak, 1998).
Knowledge management systems are often thought of as information systems;
however, knowledge management systems are not limited to computer-based systems (for
example, a database, a knowledge-sharing platform, a knowledge portal, knowledge
management system, and so on). In fact most of the current KM systems were developed
in the 1990s, before the widespread use of the Internet and the World Wide Web,
when computer-based technology was much less developed and less common than now.
Therefore, the knowledge management systems discussed in this book are mostly
not computer-based systems, and the systems can be classified as follows:
Computer-based systems. Knowledge management systems that are based on
the use of computers. The most common knowledge management systems of this type are
intranet, extranet, and the Web.
Paper-based systems. Knowledge management systems that are based primarily on
paper records and other noncomputer-based