Summarize this text in 100 words like I am a 5th grader: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. This means
that KM is the engine of innovation for an organization. When knowledge is used and re-
used in multiple ways, it generates a multiplier effect, and this is why KM is so important
in the knowledge economy (Davenport, 2005).
Davenport (1998) says that the “knowledge-centered organization” is the most important
organization form in the knowledge economy. This type of company has employees who
use their knowledge to develop and implement knowledge-based products and services,
while at the same time sharing the knowledge that is developed to other people in the
organization. This type of organization is also characterized by an environment that
facilitates the use and sharing of knowledge.
In the knowledge economy, organizations must develop and maintain an environ-
ment where all of their knowledge workers can share and use knowledge, and where they
are encouraged to share and use knowledge. This type of environment, which is based on
the principles of KM, includes the knowledge architecture of the company, the technology
that supports the KM, and the KM culture of the company (Davenport, 2005). Davenport,
and Prusak (1998) say that the three types of KM architecture are the organizational KM
architecture that includes the people, technology, and processes, the information KM
architecture, which includes the databases, data warehouses, and data mining systems that
collect, store, and analyze information, and the knowledge process management KM
architecture, which includes