summarize this text like I am a 5th grader: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory.
In this section, let's take a deeper look at this knowledge management (KM) process and
then apply it to the case.
The KM Process
To better understand the KM process, let's break it into three stages:
1. Knowledge capture. This is the process by which new knowledge is acquired. It can
take many forms, including brainstorming, interviews, surveys, and focus groups. The
knowledge can be captured in a number of ways, including through a formal document-
ed knowledge base, through the organization's processes or products, or through the
knowledge of people.
2. Knowledge sharing. This is the process by which knowledge is disseminated, in a
form that is easy to understand and apply. Sharing knowledge can happen in a
number of ways, including through formal