Summarize this text in 100 words like I know nothing:The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate.
KM is about creating and sharing knowledge, not just using and acquiring new knowledge
for the benefit of the organization.
Knowledge management, as a process, is about more than collecting, managing, sharing, and distributing information. The
process of KM is about the organization, its people, the technology that supports knowledge
and its use and the culture (Davenport & Prusak, 1998).
Davenport, T., Prusak, L. (1998). Working Knowledge: How Organizations Manage What
They Know. New York: Free Press, Simon and Schuster.
This text is not a textbook, but it provides a good, easy-to-read and concise
overview of knowledge management.
Davenport, T. H., & Prusak, L. (1998). "Knowledge Management."
The Encyclopedia of Information Science and Technology.
Retrieved February 28, 2010, from <>.
This encyclopedia entry provides an overview of the topic.
Kraus, J. (2010). What is knowledge management? In Wikipedia. Retrieved January 30, 2014, from <>
This is a Wikipedia entry that is a good summary of KM.
This article provides information about the role that KM plays in the knowledge-
driven economy, which is a key concept in this field. The article provides a general
definition of KM and an overview of the key concepts in the field.