summarize this text: A good definition of KM should incorporate both the capturing and storing of
knowledge perspective, together with the valuing of intellectual assets. An example
definition is the following:
Knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination of an organization's
people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add value through reuse and
innovation. This is achieved through the promotion of creating, sharing, and applying knowl-
edge and through the feeding of valuable lessons learned and best practices into corporate
memory to foster continued organizational learning.
When asked, most executives often state that their greatest asset is the knowledge held
by their employees. "When employees walk out the door, they take valuable organiza-
tional knowledge with them” (Lesser & Prusak, 2001, p. 1). Managers also invariably
add that they have no idea how to manage this knowledge! Identifying the knowledge
that is of value and also at risk of being lost to the organization through retirement,
turnover, and competition is essential. The best way to retain valuable knowledge is
to identify intellectual assets and then ensure legacy materials are produced, and sub-
sequently stored in such a way as to make their future retrieval and reuse as easy as
possible (Stewart, 2000). These tangible by-products need to flow from individual to
individual, between members of a community of practice, and of course, back to the
organization itself, in the form of lessons learned, best practices, and corporate memory. (Stewart, 2000)
(2001) states that "knowledge management is the deliberate and systematic coordination
of an organization's people, technology, processes, and organizational structure to add
value through reuse and innovation." He also adds that "it is the promotion of cre-
ating, sharing, and applying knowledge and by the feeding of valuable lessons learned
and best practices into corporate memory to foster continued organizational learning,"
in addition to "the capturing and storing of knowledge" (Lesser and Prusak, 2001).
This statement clearly identifies the three most important components of KM. In add-
ition to the other components (e.g., knowledge creation or the capture and storage of
knowledge) that make up KM, it is vital to have an understanding of the role of
knowledge and its components