Summarize this text like I know nothing: The industrial age, when we made things, has made way for the knowledge age, when
organizational success depends on what it collectively knows, how efficiently it uses
what it knows, and how quickly it acquires and uses new knowledge (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). The most valuable benefits from KM arise from sharing knowledge with current
fellow employees and with future (often unknown) employees. Sharing knowledge
with current fellow employees ensures it moves around the organization so everyone
can benefit from best practices (adopt newer, better ways of doing things) and lessons
learned (avoid repeating things that failed).
KM, through knowledge use and reuse, has two major goals: improving organiza-
tional efficiency and increasing the organizational capacity to innovate. The knowledge
use and reuse process involves three steps:
1.
2.
3.
Identify knowledge to be leveraged from within the organization, and then
make it easily available to employees.
Reuse knowledge to improve performance.
Capture the benefits of knowledge use and reuse and re-create the value
in knowledge through sharing the knowledge.
Identify knowledge to be leveraged from within the organization is the first
step, which requires a good sense of the knowledge within the organization and the
knowledge that is available elsewhere. The most important question to answer is, How
do we get at that knowledge?
In general, there are two ways to identify knowledge:
Knowledge from within the knowledge worker
The information worker (knowledge worker) is the person who does not simply
collect information; she also creates knowledge and applies knowledge. This means
that the knowledge that is most important to the knowledge worker is not in books,
but rather in the person’s brain.
Information is the data or knowledge that someone has. The key to KM is
to get this information out of a person’s brain and into an accessible form so it is
useful for others to share and learn from. The goal is to capture the knowledge from
the information, and this is the goal of KM.